Update `widgets` reference & Remove redundancy (#535)
feature-sliced/documentation: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/reference/units/layers/index.md

    ├── app/                    # Initializing application logic
    ├── processes/              # (Optional) Application processes running over pages
    ├── pages/                  # Application pages

>     ├── widgets/                # Applets intended to be used within pages, including the app layout

Reviewer: issue: not a big fan of the term _applets_ because it is not very common, thus open to multiple interpretations. To me it indicates that a widget must be almost a complete usecase packed in a little box in the application.

suggestion: 
```suggestion
    ├── widgets/                # Self-contained blocks to be used within pages, including the app layout
```

Reviewer 2: Hmm, I'll try to think a better definition then

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ├── widgets/                # Compositions of lower-level modules providing complex user experience as self-sufficient UI blocks and intended to be rendered on pages
```

>     ├── widgets/                # Applets intended to be used within pages, including the app layout

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ├── widgets/                # Self-sufficient UI blocks emerged from the composition of lower-level units in order to provide a complex user experience
```

>     ├── widgets/                # Self-sufficient UI blocks emerged from the composition of lower-level units in order to provide a complex user experience

Reviewer: issue: I'm a bit concerned with "complex user experience" because it might scare people away from creating simpler widgets which are still an essential part of good decomposition

In your example below you show how to compose a post card, I wouldn't say that's very complex in terms of user experience. To me, "complex user experience" is something like the Monaco code editor or drag-n-drop lists or gesture recognition. 

suggestion: 
```suggestion
    ├── widgets/                # Self-sufficient UI blocks emerged from the composition of lower-level units
```

Reviewer 2: @illright By saying "complex user experience", I mean that the resulting element covers several ( > 1 ) use cases, which at least involves combining different business logic units of type `Entity` and / or `Feature` in order to be implemented. I'm sure that it's really important to mention, so I'll try to express this definition differently 🤔

Reviewer: I would argue that widgets don't necessarily have to serve >1 use case/business requirement. They are most useful in those cases, sure, but even with a single use case, they can serve as a nice compositional tool to organize code in small applications.

Basically, I want the definition to cover both simple apps and complex ones

>     ├── widgets/                # Compositions of lower-level modules providing complex user experience as self-sufficient UI blocks and intended to be rendered on pages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ├── widgets/                # Self-sufficient UI blocks emerged from the composition of lower-level units in order to provide a complex user experience
```
